README.md, before:

# Transport Tycoon Basic - Multiplayer Edition

This project is a tiny demo inspired by **Transport Tycoon Deluxe**. It now
supports multiple players connecting through a simple Socket.IO server. Players
share the same map, build tracks with proper orientations and spawn trains that
travel along them. A couple of demo industries are shown on the grid.

## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 18+ installed on your system.

## Quick setup

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Run the provided setup script:

   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

   The script installs all required Node.js packages. On **Windows** you can
   either run it from a terminal that understands shell scripts (such as
   **Git Bash** or **WSL**) or simply execute `npm install` manually. A
   Windows-specific helper script `host.bat` is also provided for convenience.
3. Start the server:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. Open <http://localhost:3000> in any modern web browser. Open multiple
   browser windows or share the URL with friends on the same network to play
together.

## Hosting on a Raspberry Pi

Use the provided `host.sh` script to quickly run the server on a Raspberry Pi.
Pass an optional port number to change the default (`3000`):

```bash
./host.sh 8080
```

If no port is supplied, the server listens on port 3000.

## Hosting on Windows

Run the `host.bat` script to install dependencies, perform any available
migrations or builds and start the server. An optional port argument sets the
port (default is `3000`):

```cmd
host.bat 8080
```

Omit the argument to use the default port.

## Game controls

- **Click** on a grid cell to place or remove a track tile.
- Press **Space** to spawn a train on the existing track.
- Each train that reaches a dead end earns $100.
- Industries are displayed on the map and more than one player can join.

## Project structure

- `server.js` – Node.js server running Express and Socket.IO.
- `public/` – Frontend files served to the browser.
  - `index.html` – Game page.
  - `client.js` – Client-side logic and Socket.IO connection.
  - `style.css` – Basic styling.
- `setup.sh` – Helper script that installs dependencies.
- `package.json` – Node package definitions.

## Notes

This example aims to be intentionally small and easy to understand.
It does not handle advanced game logic, persistence or security and should be
considered a prototype.

Commit message:

Rename Raspberry Pi script and add production option

README.md, after:

# Transport Tycoon Basic - Multiplayer Edition

This project is a tiny demo inspired by **Transport Tycoon Deluxe**. It now
supports multiple players connecting through a simple Socket.IO server. Players
share the same map, build tracks with proper orientations and spawn trains that
travel along them. A couple of demo industries are shown on the grid.

## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 18+ installed on your system.

## Quick setup

1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Run the provided setup script:

   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

   The script installs all required Node.js packages. On **Windows** you can
   either run it from a terminal that understands shell scripts (such as
   **Git Bash** or **WSL**) or simply execute `npm install` manually. A
   Windows-specific helper script `host.bat` is also provided for convenience.
3. Start the server:

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. Open <http://localhost:3000> in any modern web browser. Open multiple
   browser windows or share the URL with friends on the same network to play
together.

## Hosting on a Raspberry Pi

Use the `rpi_ttb.sh` helper script to run the server on a Raspberry Pi.
Pass `-p` to enable production mode and optionally specify a port number
(default is `3000`):

```bash
./rpi_ttb.sh -p 8080
```

If no port is supplied, the server listens on port 3000.

## Hosting on Windows

Run the `host.bat` script to install dependencies, perform any available
migrations or builds and start the server. An optional port argument sets the
port (default is `3000`):

```cmd
host.bat 8080
```

Omit the argument to use the default port.

## Game controls

- **Click** on a grid cell to place or remove a track tile.
- Press **Space** to spawn a train on the existing track.
- Each train that reaches a dead end earns $100.
- Industries are displayed on the map and more than one player can join.

## Project structure

- `server.js` – Node.js server running Express and Socket.IO.
- `public/` – Frontend files served to the browser.
  - `index.html` – Game page.
  - `client.js` – Client-side logic and Socket.IO connection.
  - `style.css` – Basic styling.
- `setup.sh` – Helper script that installs dependencies.
- `package.json` – Node package definitions.

## Notes

This example aims to be intentionally small and easy to understand.
It does not handle advanced game logic, persistence or security and should be
considered a prototype.
